[Upbeat Music]
[Typing]
Alright so we're gonna start out with a challenge
to test your knowledge of what a hash function
should be doing.
So this is a starter project in the resources section.
It has an employee class because
we're gonna use that in the next challenge.
So you can just ignore that for this challenge.
For this challenge all I want you to do,
is write this hashing function.
And so what we're doing here is
we have an array of integers and it's length ten.
And I want you to add these integers into that array.
So we have a nums to add array,
and we've got 59,382 etc.
And I want you to add those to the array,
so that you would be able to retrieve these numbers
from the array just by being given the number.
And of course to do that you're
gonna have to hash the numbers.
Because otherwise there's no way
you can tell where these numbers are in the array.
And so in this loop we're going through
and we're populating the array.
And you can see here that the index
into this array is the result of the hash function.
And so here's the hash function here.
Doesn't compile right now because
it has an int return value and it's not returning anything.
And so your challenge is to write this hash function.
So that you can return indexes for
integer values that you're given.
Now don't worry about collisions.
I've deliberately chosen numbers
that won't collide with each other.
Because the purpose of this challenge is
just to make sure you understand
what a hashing function is supposed to be doing.
And how to write one when you
want to be able to hash values to array indexes.
And so don't worry about collisions at all.
All I want you to do is write this hash function.
Have fun with that and I'll see you in the solution video.